Accessibility changes for the Policies section (#199)
ubccr/ccrdocs: pages/policies/misuse.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a id="touch"></a>
```
This will allow us to jump from the above section down to this and fix the fact that that link went no where before.

The clusters' batch queuing system is designed to give everyone a fair shot at the highest level of throughput for their jobs.  Attempting to circumvent the queue or fairshare system (i.e. cut to the front of the line) is strictly prohibited and will result in your account being deactivated and potential disciplinary action by the University at Buffalo IT security office. See below for more information on this policy.  

**Scratch Scrubber Policy**  

> CCR provides free, high throughput scratch storage space for use when running your jobs.  However, this is TEMPORARY storage space intended for transient storage while jobs are running.  Users are expected to move their data from `/vscratch` to their home or project directory when their job is complete.  Any data over 60 days old is deleted automatically nightly.  Any efforts to modify file dates to purposely subvert this policy are prohibited.  We have sophisticated scripts that monitor for attempts to subvert the system.  Users violating this policy risk ALL of their data in `/vscratch` being deleted without notice and account deactivation. See below for more information on this policy.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CCR provides free, high throughput scratch storage space for use when running your jobs.  However, this is TEMPORARY storage space intended for transient storage while jobs are running.  Users are expected to move their data from `/vscratch` to their home or project directory when their job is complete.  Any data over 60 days old is deleted automatically nightly.  Any efforts to modify file dates to purposely subvert this policy are prohibited.  We have sophisticated scripts that monitor for attempts to subvert the system.  Users violating this policy risk ALL of their data in `/vscratch` being deleted without notice and account deactivation. [Refer to the scratch policy](#touch) for more information on file date or access time manipulation.   
```
